README.md, before:

![Felony Logo](http://i.imgur.com/gqG7XoQ.png)
![Felony Screenshot](http://i.imgur.com/0e1ZOLp.png)

**Felony is an open-source pgp keychain built on the modern web with Electron, React, and Redux.** Felony is the first PGP app that's easy for anyone to use, without a tutorial. Security++ to the greatest extreme!

[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/henryboldi/felony.svg?maxAge=2592000)]()
[![Github All Releases](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/henryboldi/felony/total.svg?maxAge=2592000)]()
[![David](https://david-dm.org/henryboldi/felony.svg)]()

## Download Felony
You can download compiled versions of Felony for Windows, Mac OS X, and Linux from https://github.com/henryboldi/felony/releases. The app is currently in it's pre-release stage, so it hasn't been fully tested on all platforms. Confirmed to be working on Mac, as that's what the developers own.

## Running Locally
To run the development environment run
```
npm run dev
```
To package felony run
```
npm run package
```
To build for all platforms
```
npm run package-all
```
For more information check out [electron-react-boilerplate](https://github.com/chentsulin/electron-react-boilerplate), which we used as a starting point.

## Feature Requests
Have an idea for a feature you'd love to see in Felony? Create an issue and tag it as a feature request.

> 100% inline styles via [ReactCSS](http://reactcss.com/)

Commit message:

Information about how to use
Starting to work on #8 with the input from https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=12030441

README.md, after:

![Felony Logo](http://i.imgur.com/gqG7XoQ.png)
![Felony Screenshot](http://i.imgur.com/0e1ZOLp.png)

**Felony is an open-source pgp keychain built on the modern web with Electron, React, and Redux.** Felony is the first PGP app that's easy for anyone to use, without a tutorial. Security++ to the greatest extreme!

[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/henryboldi/felony.svg?maxAge=2592000)]()
[![Github All Releases](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/henryboldi/felony/total.svg?maxAge=2592000)]()
[![David](https://david-dm.org/henryboldi/felony.svg)]()

## Here's how it works...
1. Add public keys to your buddies list— A public key is like a username - Adding someone’s public key to your buddies list lets you send them messages. You can find other public keys on markets like keybase.io and darknet.
2. Encrypt a message— Select a recipient from your buddies list and compose a message. Only your chosen recipient(s) can read the message. Encrypted messages might contain sensitive information, such as an address, document, or anything intended to be read only by intended recipients.
3. Send the encrypted message anywhere— You can send the encrypted message on any website! For example, facebook messenger, twitter direct message, or youtube. Felony is security when and where you want it.

## Download Felony
You can download compiled versions of Felony for Windows, Mac OS X, and Linux from https://github.com/henryboldi/felony/releases. The app is currently in it's pre-release stage, so it hasn't been fully tested on all platforms. Confirmed to be working on Mac, as that's what the developers own.

## Running Locally
To run the development environment run
```
npm run dev
```
To package felony run
```
npm run package
```
To build for all platforms
```
npm run package-all
```
For more information check out [electron-react-boilerplate](https://github.com/chentsulin/electron-react-boilerplate), which we used as a starting point.

## Feature Requests
Have an idea for a feature you'd love to see in Felony? Create an issue and tag it as a feature request.

> 100% inline styles via [ReactCSS](http://reactcss.com/)
